What’s the difference between a tyre and 365 used condoms?
Why does Santa Claus have such a big sack?
What do a penis and a Rubik’s Cube have in common?
What did one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob?
What’s long and hard and full of seamen?
Why do walruses love a Tupperware party?
What’s the difference between a pick-pocket and a peeping tom?
What do you call someone with a small penis?
What’s the difference between light and hard?
What do you do when you come across an elephant in the jungle?
How is being in the military like getting a blowjob?
Want to hear a joke about my penis?
What do you do if your partner starts smoking?
What’s the difference between hungry and horny?
What do you call a man who cries while he pleasures himself?
Why didn’t the toilet paper cross the road?
What’s the last thing Tickle Me Elmo receives before leaving the factory?
What does a perverted frog say?
What do a nearsighted gynecologist and a puppy have in common?
What do tofu and a dildo have in common?
How does a woman scare a gynecologist?
What’s better than roses on your piano?
What kind of bees make milk?
Did you hear about the guy who died of a Viagra overdose?
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
What do you get if you cross an owl and a rooster?
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
What did the elephant say to the naked man?
Why do they say that eating yogurt and oysters will improve your sex life?
What did the toaster say to the slice of bread?
How do you embarrass an archaeologist?
What's the difference between a G-spot and a golf ball?
How can you tell if your husband is dead?
What's the difference between a genealogist and a gynecologist?
What does the receptionist at a sperm bank say as clients leave?
What's the difference between kinky and perverted?
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?
What did the leper say to the sex worker?
How is playing bridge similar to sex?
What comes after 69?
What are the three shortest words in the English language?
What does Pinocchio's lover say to him?
How do you make a pool table laugh?
Why is diarrhea hereditary?
What is Moby Dick's dad's name?
What do you get when you jingle Santa's balls?
What does the sign on an out-of-business brothel say?
Why does Dr. Pepper come in a bottle?
Why isn't there a pregnant Barbie doll?
What goes in hard and dry, but comes out soft and wet?
How do you get a nun pregnant?
They say that during sex you burn off as many calories as running eight miles.
Why does it take 100 million sperm to fertilize one egg?
What's the difference between anal and oral sex?
What did one of the sex worker's knees say to the other?
What did the penis say to the vagina?
How do you make your girlfriend scream during sex?
I'll admit it, I have a tremendous sex drive.
Two men broke into a drugstore and stole all the Viagra.
My neighbor has been mad at his wife for sunbathing nude.
What do you call an expert fisherman?
Why did the snowman suddenly smile?
What do you get when you cross a dick with a potato?
Why did the squirrel swim on its back?
What is the first thing a man puts in a woman when they get married?
Why can't you hear rabbits making love?
What did one butt cheek say to the other butt cheek?
What's the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer?
How are men like diapers?
Did you hear about the constipated accountant?
How do you make coffee in a toilet?
How is a boyfriend like a laxative?
Why didn't the toilet paper make it across the road?
What did the sanitary napkin say to the fart?
Why was the old toilet always flushed?
How is life like toilet paper?
What do you call someone who refuses to fart in public?
What's the difference between a pickpocket and a peeping tom?
What's the process of applying for a job at Hooters?
What's the difference between a pregnant woman and a lightbulb?
What's the difference between a sex worker and a drug dealer?
What's the difference between your penis and a bonus check?
What do you do when your cat's dead?
What do you call a herd of cows masturbating?
What do you call the lesbian version of a cock block?
A family's driving behind a garbage truck when a dildo flies out and thumps against the windshield. Embarrassed, and trying to spare her young son's innocence, the mother turns around and says, "Don't worry, dear. That was just an insect."
What's long, green, and smells like bacon?
Let's play carpenter!
A naked man broke into a church.
What did the O say to the Q?
Why did the sperm cross the road?
What did the hurricane say to the coconut tree?
What's the difference between your boyfriend and a condom?
How is a push-up bra like a bag of crisps?
What do boobs and toys have in common?
What do a woman and a bar have in common?
What do women and noodles have in common?
Why did the woman leave her husband after he spent all their money on a penis enlarger?
How do you circumcise a hillbilly?
What’s the difference between a bitch and a whore?