One’s a Goodyear. The other’s a great year!
He only comes once a year.
The more you play with it, the harder it gets.
“If we don’t get some support, people will think we’re nuts.”
A submarine.
They’re always on the lookout for a tight seal.
One snatches your watch. The other watches your snatch.
Justin!
You can sleep with a light on.
Wipe it off and say you’re sorry.
The closer you get to discharge, the better you feel.
Nevermind. It’s too long.
Slow down and possibly use some lubricant.
Where you stick the cucumber.
A tearjerker.
It got stuck in a crack.
Two test tickles.
Rubbit.
A wet nose.
They are both meat substitutes.
By becoming a ventriloquist.
Tulips on your organ.
Boo-Bees.
They couldn’t close his casket.
A rip off.
A cock that stays up all night.
He worked it out with a pencil.
How do you breathe through that tiny thing? 
Because if you’ll eat that stuff, you’ll eat anything.
What did the toaster say to the slice of bread? "I want you inside me."
Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from.
A man will actually search for a golf ball.
The sex is the same, but you get to use the remote.
A genealogist looks up the family tree, a gynecologist looks up the family bush.
"Thanks for coming!"
Kinky is when you tickle your girlfriend with a feather, perverted is when you use the whole bird.
A Lickalotopus.
"Keep the tip."
If you don't have a good partner, you better have a good hand.
Mouthwash.
"Is it in?"
"Lie to me! Lie to me!"
Tickle its balls.
It runs in your genes.
Papa Boner.
A white Christmas.
"Beat it. We're closed."
Because his wife died.
Because Ken came in another box.
Gum.
You have sex with her.
Who the hell runs eight miles in 30 seconds?
Because they won't stop to ask for directions.
Oral sex makes your day. Anal makes your hole weak.
"How come we spend so little time together?"
What did the penis say to the vagina? "Don't make me come in there!"
Call and tell her about it.
My girlfriend lives 40 miles away.
The police put out an alert to be on the lookout for the two hardened criminals.
Personally, I'm on the fence.
A master baiter.
He could see the snowblower coming.
A dictator.
To keep its nuts dry.
The wedding ring.
Because they have cotton balls.
"Together, we can stop this crap."
The taste.
They're usually full of shit, but thankfully disposable.
He couldn't budget, so he had to work it out with a paper and pencil.
With a plunger.
They both irritate the shit out of you.
It got stuck in the crack.
"You are the wind beneath my wings."
Everyone kept yanking his chain
You're either on a roll or taking shit from someone.
A private tutor.
One snatches your watch. The other watches your snatch.
They just give you a bra and say, "Here, fill this out."
You can unscrew a lightbulb.
A sex worker could wash her crack and resell it.
Someone's always willing to blow your bonus.
Play with the neighbor's pussy instead.
Beef strokin' off.
A beaver dam.
"Wow," the boy replies. "I'm surprised it could get off the ground with a cock like that!"
Kermit the Frog's fingers.
First, we'll get hammered, then I'll nail you.
The police chased him around and finally caught him by the organ.
"Dude, your dick's hanging out."
Because I put on the wrong sock this morning.
"Hold on to your nuts, this ain't no ordinary blow job!
Condoms have evolved: They're not so thick and insensitive anymore.
 As soon as you open it, you realize it’s half empty.
 They were both originally made for kids, but daddies end up playing with them.
 Liquor in the front, poker in the back.
 Both wiggle when you eat them.
 She just couldn’t take it any longer.
 Kick his sister in the jaw.
 A whore sleeps with everyone at the party. A bitch sleeps with everyone at the party—except you.