What kind of dogs do magicians like?
Why do frogs never park illegally?
What's a moth's favorite stroke?
Why do spiders know everything?
Where do sheep go on vacation?
What did the duck say after he finished dinner?
What do you call a snail on a ship?
What writing utensil does a boar use in class?
What kind of lion doesn't roar?
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
How much does a pirate pay to get his ears pierced?
What game do tornadoes play at parties?
What did the apple say to the kangaroo?
What awards do dentists receive?
Who keeps the ocean floor clean?
How did one wave greet the other wave?
Why are volcanoes so popular?
What does a cow read every day?
What is it called when a prisoner takes their own picture?
What did one candy bar say to the other candy bar?
Why are circles bad at telling stories?
What has hands but can't clap?
How did the man like to watch fishing tournaments?
Why did the computer go to the doctor?
Why don't dogs like walking in the rain?
Why did the tomato blush?
Why are shrimp bad at sharing?
What did the daddy buffalo say to his son when he left for camp?
Why did the cookie go to the hospital?
Why are pirates bad at singing the alphabet song?
How can you tell when a vampire is sick?
What animal is always at a baseball game?
Where do pencils come from?
Why was the broom late for school?
Why are ghosts bad liars?
Why was the man afraid of the calendar?
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the work closet?
Where do walls meet after work?
Where's the best place to learn to make a banana split?
Why didn't the bicycle stand up?
When is the best time to go to the dentist?
Why did the family sell their vacuum cleaner?
How did the cell phone ask his girlfriend to marry him?
Why can't Monday lift Saturday?
Which season do people get injured the most?
How do you keep a bagel from running away?
What is a witch's favorite subject in school?
How do you fix a broken jack-o-lantern?
Why did the man run around the bed?
Which state has the most streets?
Why are oranges so slow?
Where do math teachers love to take vacations?
Why did the coach run to the bank in such a hurry?
When does a joke turn into a dad joke?
Why didn't the lady trust the stairs?
Where do polar bears store their money?
What do you call cheese that isn't yours?
Why didn't the man iron his four-leaf clover?
Why don't pirates take a bath?
What fish has the most fans?
Why should you never play hide and seek with a leopard?
How do you tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile?
Why couldn't the hamburger go into the bar?
What type of tree can fit in your hand?
What did the lightbulb say to his girlfriend?
Which vegetable does a pirate never eat?
What body of water is the most detail oriented?
How did the puppies get across the lake?
What is a lazy person's favorite shoes to wear?
Why do melons have weddings?
Why do dads tell such corny jokes?
What animal should you never trust to tell the truth?
What do you call someone with no body and no nose?
Who was the fattest knight at King Arthur's round table?
How come no one trusts atoms?
What did the baby computer call his father?
Why shouldn't you marry a tennis player?
How many apples grow on trees?
Where is a fruit's favorite place to go on vacation?
What is the easiest way to get a squirrel to like you?
What kind of cars do eggs drive?
Why was the math book crying?
Which part of the body can you always count on?
How can you tell a Dogwood tree apart from other trees?
Which food tells the cheesiest jokes?
What's a knight's favorite dish?
How do you stop a bull from charging?
What shoes do bananas like to wear?
Why do golfers always pack an extra pair of pants?
How do you organize a party on Mars?
How do billboards talk to each other?
What music do chiropractors listen to?
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long?
What beans can you plant but never grow?
Why couldn't the pony sing at the talent show?
What instrument can you find in the bathroom?
What falls in winter but never gets hurt?
Why did the kids cross the playground?
Why didn't the teddy bear come down for dinner?
Why did the student eat his homework?