What’s a pirate’s favorite snack?
How do you know if a pirate chicken wrote a treasure map?
Why didn’t the pirate learn the alphabet?
What did the pirate say the year after his 79th birthday?
5. What’s Apple’s newest device for pirates?
What do pirates do with old ships?
Why couldn’t the pirates play cards?
Why do pirates take vacations?
Why was the pirate ship so cheap?
What did the pirate say after leaving his wooden peg in the freezer?
What’s a pirate’s favorite exercise?
Where did Captain Hook get his hook?
Why don’t pirates shower before walking the plank?
What do you call a pirate with two eyes and legs?
How do you make a pirate furious?
How much did the pirate pay for piercings?
Where do pirates buy drawing supplies?
How do you save a pirate that almost drowned?
What’s a pirate’s favorite part of a song?
What do pirates do while communicating?
How much did the pirate pay for a peg and hook?
What do you call a pirate that likes to skip school?
What kind of music do pirates like?
Why are pirates healthy?
What do you call a pirate that thinks they’re better than everyone else?
Why were the pirates screaming at each other?
What do pirates do at a pool?
Who do pirates reach out to for help finding treasure?
What kind of phones do pirates use?
What’s a pirate’s favorite camera brand?
What’s a pirate’s favorite instrument?
What kind of grades did the pirate get in school?
To err is human.
What did the pirates say after reaching their destination?
Why are pirates good at math?
Who makes wooden pegs for pirates?
Why aren’t pirates good at golf?
How did the pirate feel after making a mistake in front of everyone?
How do pirates apologize?
Where do pirates learn to fight?
What do pirates see when they look up at night?
What’s a pirate’s favorite essential oil?
What did the famous pirate say when getting onto an abandoned ship?
What’s a pirate’s favorite country?
Have you heard of any good pirate jokes?
Why can’t pirates fire cannons from land?
What happened to Blackbeard after falling into the Red Sea?
What’s a pirate’s favorite weapon aside from a sword?
What’s a pirate’s favorite movie?
Where do pirates grow vegetables?
Why did the sailor become a pirate?
What do pirates wear for protection?
Where do pirates get produce?
Where do pirates go to play games?
What do you call it when a pirate sets a ship on fire?
What do pirates say when making bets?
What’s a pirate’s favorite game show?
What do pirates say to someone they think they’ve seen before?
How do pirates cool down?
What does it take to raise a child on a pirate ship?
Why did the pirate laugh at the jokes?
Where do pirates go to retire?
What do pirates read online?
What do pirates say before leaving?
What do you call a ship that pirates want to attack?
What do pirates smoke?
Why did the pirate join Gold’s Gym?
Who was the most frugal pirate?
Where do pirates keep valuable items?
Why did the pirate wear a suit and tie?
What would Santa say if he were a pirate?
What’s a pirate’s favorite paper towel brand?
What do pirates say when they’re thinking about what to steal?
What do pirates say when they can’t figure something out?
What do pirates say when they’re being chased?
Where do pirates keep their ships?
Where do pirates eat cake and ice cream?
What’s a pirate’s favorite kind of fish?
What does a pirate say when things don’t go their way?
What’s a pirate’s least favorite vegetable?
What do pirates go for a drink?
Why do pirates walk the plank?
What do you call a pirate without arms or legs?
What’s the best name for a pirate’s dog?
How do pirates know if they need glasses?
What does a pirate Jedi say?
What does a pirate’s dog do?
What does a pirate say after letting someone go?
Why do pirates love watching TV shows?
What’s the difference between a hungry pirate and a drunk pirate?
Where can you find a pirate who lost their wooden legs?
What do pirates wear in the winter?
What’s a pirate’s favorite doll?
Why are pirates called pirates?
What’s a pirate’s favorite Star Wars character?
Why do pirates always live life to the fullest?
What happens to pirates without food?
What did the ocean say to the pirate?
What does a pirate wear on Halloween?
What kind of movies do pirates watch?