I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey. But then I turned myself around.
Did you hear about the man who lost his left side? He's all right now.
I couldn't figure out how to put my seatbelt on, but then it clicked.
I tried to make a belt out of watches. It was a waist of time.
I don't trust stairs... they are always up to something.
Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool, so I gave him a glass of water.
Why did the scarecrow get promoted? He was outstanding in his field!
Thanks for explaining the word 'many' to me, it means alot.
Two antennas met on a roof, fell in love and got married. The ceremony wasn't much, but the reception was excellent.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
Did you hear about the hungry clock? It went back four seconds.
I've decided to sell my hoover... it was just collecting dust.
The painter was hospitalized due to too many strokes.
Cartoonist found dead in home. Details are sketchy.
I'm glad I know sign language - it's pretty handy.
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink.
Tequila may not fix your life but its worth a shot.
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
I asked a Frenchman if he played video games, he said wii.
It was an emotional wedding. Even the cake was in tiers.
He didn't tell his mother that he ate some glue. His lips were sealed.
A bicycle can't stand on its own because it is two-tired.
I put up a high-voltage electric fence around my property over the weekend, my neighbour is dead against it...
I'm thinking about starting a herb garden, but I'm not sure if I have the thyme.
He drove his expensive car into a tree and found out how the Mercedes bends.
If a judge loves the sound of his own voice, expect a long sentence.
Stop with the blind jokes...I dont see the point.
I wrote a song for a tortilla. Well, its more of a wrap.
How did I escape Iraq? Iran.
I was addicted to soap... I'm clean now.
I went to buy some camouflage trousers the other day, but I couldn't find any.
I used to be a doctor, but then I lost patients.
Americans prefer houses with basements. In fact, they're best cellars!
Yesterday a clown held the door open for me. It was such a nice jester.
A man died today when a pile of books fell on him. He only had his shelf to blame.
Why do they put fences around cementeries? Because people are dying to get in!
I used to date a girl with a lazy eye. It turns out she was seeing someone else the whole time!
It was a terrible summer for Humpty Dumpty... but he had a great fall.
It's not that the man didn't know how to juggle, he just didn't have the balls to do it.
A dog gave birth to puppies near the road and was ticketed for littering.
You didn’t hear about the three big holes in the ground? Well, well, well.
My friends say I'm getting fatter. In my defence I've had a lot on my plate recently.
If at first you don't succeed then skydiving is not for you.
If you've been thinking about singing karaoke with a friend, just duet!
When I get naked in the bathroom, the shower usually gets turned on.
I used to have a fear of hurdles, but I got over it.
Why should you never fight a dinosaur? You'll get jurasskicked.
My wife tried to apply at the post office but they wouldn't letter. They said only mails work here.
I use to hate facial hair. But then it grew on me!
Weight loss pills stolen this morning - police say suspects are still at large.
I did a theatrical performance about puns. It was a play on words.
I should have been sad when my flash light batteries died, but I was delighted.
As I suspected, somebody has been added soil to my garden. The plot thickens.
How do construction workers party? They raise the roof.
A criminals best asset is his lie ability.
He wears glasses during math because it improves division.
I don't trust people who do acupuncture. They're back stabbers.
My wife told me to stop speaking in numbers. But I didn't 1 2.
My room mates are concerned that I'm using their kitchen utensils, but that's a whisk i'm willing to take.
I tripped over my girlfriends bra, seemed to be a booby trap.
Shout out to people who don't know what the opposite of in is!
Jokes with punch lines can be painfully funny.
For a fungi to grow you must give it as mushroom as possible.
After the birth of your first child, your role in life will become apparent.
Did you hear about the kid napping? He woke up.
My grandma is on speed dial and now I call her instagram.
I'm reading a book about teleportation. It's bound to take me places.
Please don’t make my funeral too early. I’m not really a mourning person.
This girl said she recognized me from the vegetarian club. But I've never met herbivore!
The best way to communicate with fish is to drop them a line
The butcher walked backwards into the meat grinder and got a little behind in his work.
I used to be a banker, but I lost interest.
I make apocalypse jokes like there's no tomorrow.
The cheese factory exploded today, there was de brie everywhere!
I've been thinking about learning Braille, but its a bit of a touchy subject.
I saw a beaver movie last night, it was the best dam movie ever.
I used to be a shoe salesman until they gave me the boot.
Why are teddy bears never hungry? They are always stuffed!
I don't think I need a spine. It's holding me back.
An expensive laxative will give you a run for your money.
A jumper cable walks into a bar. The bartender says, I'll serve you, but don't start anything
Waking up this morning was an eye-opening experience.
How do you organize a space party? You planet!
What's a cow eating grass? A lawn mooer.
I've got a chicken-proof front lawn. It's impeccable!
I wanted to be an astronaut when I was a kid but my parents told me the sky was the limit.
What do you call a pig who does karate? Pork chop!
Pun of the day is very important. As seven days without a pun makes one weak.
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A Thesaurus.
When I asked my dog how his day was he said it was rough.
I removed the shell from my racing snail to make it go faster - but it just made it more sluggish.
Be kind to your dentist because he has fillings too.
I hate carrying my luggage around the airport, I rest my case.
My grandma told me her joints are getting weaker, so I told her to roll them tighter.
Cows lie down in the rain to keep each udder dry.
I tried to make a pun about escaping quicksand, but I'm stuck.
I'm going to buy some velcro for my shoes instead of laces. Why knot?
Man, choking on sugar seems like the sweetest way to die!
She didn't marry the gardener. Too rough around the hedges.
A rubber band slingshot was confiscated in algebra class for being a weapon of math disruption.
